CNN This Morning

German Chancellor Meets with Trump; Musk Calls to Kill the Spending Deal; Dr. Dhruv Khullar is Interviewed about Health Insurance under New Bill; Alyse Adamson is Interviewed about the Combs Trial. Aired 6:30-7a ET

Aired June 05, 2025 - 06:30   ET

THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.


[06:30:00]

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

DONALD TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (February 28, 2017): My administration has been working on improved vetting procedures. And we will shortly take new steps to keep our nation safe.

Foreign nationals who are not properly vetted, as well as those who come here as temporary visitors and overstay their visas, we don't want them.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CORNISH: President Trump takes a page from his first term playbook.

Good morning, everybody. I'm Audie Cornish. I want to thank you for joining me on CNN THIS MORNING.

It's half past the hour now. And here's what's happening right now.

The president signed a proclamation which will ban all travel into the U.S. from 12 countries, including Afghanistan, Haiti, Iran and Yemen. And he warns that more countries could be added to the list. The ban goes into effect on Monday.

The Egyptian national accused of the anti-Semitic Molotov cocktail attack in Boulder, Colorado, will go before a judge this afternoon. Mohamed Sabry Soliman faces 16 charges of attempted murder. He has an appearance also on federal hate crime charges tomorrow.

It's expected to be a busy day at the Supreme Court. The justices could issue more opinions this morning with just weeks to go this term. President Trump's executive order aimed at ending birthright citizenship is among the consequential cases still on the docket.

And in a matter of hours, Germany's new chancellor, Friedrich Merz, will sit down with President Trump in the Oval Office for their first face to face meeting. They've got a lot to discuss, including Trump's latest round of tariff threats against the EU, and Russian President Vladimir Putin's escalation of the war in Ukraine. Just last week, Merz said, "Trump is obviously increasingly disillusioned with Putin from the massive attacks on Kyiv and other cities in Ukraine. I hope that America stays on board."

Trump and Putin spoke by phone about 75 minutes on Wednesday, and Trump says Putin told him that Russia was, quote, "obligated" to respond to Ukraine's drone attacks last weekend. Officials in Kyiv wondering why the U.S. president didn't push back.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

KIRA RUDIK, PEOPLE'S DEPUTY OF UKRAINE: Is it not clear by this moment who is an aggressor and that Ukraine is defending itself? As - -it's like, does president of the United States want to ally with Russia because it just doesn't -- doesn't seem right. None of that seems right.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CORNISH: CNN senior international correspondent Frederik Pleitgen joins us from Berlin.

And first, since the last time we heard that quote from the chancellor, Ukraine had its very successful attacks against jets and battlefield areas in Russia. So, what kind of expectations are there for this meeting in terms of Germany talking about that or bringing up other sensitive issues?

FREDERIK PLEITGEN, CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Yes, well, first of all, I think one of the things that Friedrich Merz, the new chancellor of Germany, wants to do is survive the meeting. I've been looking at German media today and they said -- they're basically giving him advice not to end up the way that Volodymyr Zelenskyy did, of course, in that shouting match that happened in the meeting that he had with President Trump. And, of course, also Vice President J.D. Vance. So, the German chancellor certainly very much on alert.

At the same time, you're absolutely right, there's a lot of very difficult topics that the two really need to discuss. Germany is obviously a very industrialized economy and a country that sells the United States a lot of things made of steel. So, a lot of those tariffs are definitely going to hit the German economy very hard. And that's one of the things that Friedrich Merz is definitely going to raise with the U.S. president.

And then also, you know, the war in Ukraine, I think you're absolutely right as well, that's also one of the things that's really been a hot topic over the past couple of days, and where many here in Germany have been asking, how is Friedrich Merz going to try and bring President Trump onside with the Europeans, who, of course, want a tougher line towards Vladimir Putin and towards the Russians in the war in Ukraine, Audie.

CORNISH: It's interesting because the Trump administration, specifically Vice President J.D. Vance, they've been super critical of Germany's leadership.

PLEITGEN: Yes. CORNISH: In Germany there was a pushback against the far right groups there that -- the ADP (ph) that Vance and others were boosters for. So, it feels like Germany is vulnerable to that kind of Oval Office ambush, like Ukraine or even like South Africa.

PLEITGEN: Yes, that's one of the things that the Germans have really identified as a possible trap, the support to that, for instance, J.D. Vance, the vice president, have been giving to the far right AfD and also some of the things that they've seen in the past from the vice president as well. In fact, there was a column in one of the biggest German newspapers early this morning saying, watch out for -- for J.D. Vance and certainly not try to get triggered by any of that. I think that the German chancellor is very much aware of that.

And one of the things that we also, by the way, have to keep in mind is that the AfD is really very much a rival party to the political party of Friedrich Merz. He's been under fire from the AfD, so he would certainly have some choice words possibly for the vice president.

But again, I think one of the things that the Germans are trying to do is trying to make sure that the public part of that meeting goes well, that there's no real confrontation in all of that.

[06:35:02]

And then to try and raise all those difficult topics, especially things like freedom of speech, things like the support that the AfD has been getting from some in the Trump administration, try and raise that behind closed doors.

CORNISH: CNN's senior international correspondent Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin. Thank you so much.

All right, we're continuing to follow the story about Elon Musk continuing to trash the big, beautiful bill on social media. But do Republican senators feel the heat. Throughout the day Wednesday, Musk amplified his hatred for the deal, calling for an entirely new bill to be drafted. He also posted memes about wanting to kill the bill. But as Republican senators on the finance committee left a meeting with President Trump, they seemed unmoved by the idea of starting all over.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

SEN. JOHN THUNE (R-SD): No, I mean, we're -- we're a long ways down this track.

The wheels are in motion on this. As I said before, failure is not an option. We will get this done one way or the other.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CORNISH: Republican lawmakers also pushing back on Musk's premise that the bill would add to the national debt. Another round of nonpartisan analysis seems to agree with Musk that the math ain't mathing. The Congressional Budget Office projects the bill will add $2.4 trillion to the deficit over the next decade. It would also leave another 11 million people without health insurance by 2034.

And those numbers are actually spooking some moderate senators who want to scale back the cuts to Medicaid specifically.

Now, the House still needs to vote to approve any changes that happen in the Senate.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

MANU RAJU, CNN CHIEF CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Senator Lisa Murkowski and the like, they want to push back the Medicaid work requirements. They also -- they think it's not workable.

REP. CHIP ROY (R-TX): Yes.

RAJU: They also want to push back the phase out of the IRA (ph) tax credits. If it comes back --

ROY: Yes, it will be dead. It will be dead. Like, so, if the Senate wants to go that direction, then this bill is -- I mean, it's not even close to passing. So, they need to go further or the bill's dead.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CORNISH: Group chat is back.

I have one more piece of tape I have to play for you guys, because there were some other Republican senators that were like bemused by Elon Musk talking about this bill.

Let's listen to that.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

SEN. STEVE DAINES (R-MT): Certainly the president and Elon are -- are great friends. There's great respect. The president called him a genius today in -- in our meeting because he -- he believes strongly in Elon Musk and all the work that he did to help his new administration.

But I think he's got maybe a difference of opinion right now on some of these spending issues. You can't fix everything in one bill. But this is an important first step.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CORNISH: I hear the sensitivity of basically the parties, one of their biggest, most significant donors and most consequential government workers of the last few decades, going against the agenda and how sensitive that is still.

PHIL MATTINGLY, CNN ANCHOR AND CHIEF DOMESTIC CORRESPONDENT: It's sensitive for two reasons. One, I think the -- people need to understand, particularly in the Senate, the joy in having Elon Musk anywhere near them, particularly physically, when he would come up to Capitol Hill, but also his perspective wane quite a bit over the course of the last couple of months.

Senators are also senators, right? They love to tell people how much they don't care about what other people are thinking about anything because they are their own people and they're all their own future president when they look in the mirror.

CORNISH: Yes.

MATTINGLY: So, the near-term issue is building outside opposition is a problem, getting pressure, that type of thing.

I actually think the more important issue here is Musk validating on some level or serving as a validator to the deficit concerns that the White House and top Republicans have said quite literally don't exist over the course of the last several weeks. I don't think that's any problem for the vast majority of Republicans. However, three or four Senate Republicans in particular have said the deficits that this adds over the course of ten years, $2 trillion plus to the debt total, is a problem we need to cut more.

CORNISH: Yes.

MATTINGLY: And if you cut more, then you start trying to wander into -- we were just seeing from House members, of very delicate and you can blow it all up.

CORNISH: Here's the thing. When I think of the power that Musk has on the app to amplify his thoughts about something and to mobilize, does this feel like a -- like a -- like, are we going to see a clash of media power here between the MAGA right and Musk?

MICHAEL WARREN, SENOR EDITOR, "THE DISPATCH": It's --

CORNISH: He has the power, right, to -- to --

WARREN: He does.

CORNISH: To change sentiment?

WARREN: It's hard to say. I mean, it's -- it's hard to predict kind of where Musk is going to go, whether he will have an interest in this in --

CORNISH: Well, not that. Who will go with him is what I'm saying.

WARREN: Well, exactly. But, like, where -- where -- will he have an interest in this next week? Will his -- will his interest be on something else? He's also trying to stake out kind of an independence now that he's on the outs from the White House.

But look, I -- I think he's also, maybe not for the right reason, he's correct in identifying the problems that this bill has in -- in not addressing the budget deficits. And you hear from the White House now this sort of complaint that, oh, the CBO score, this is the Congressional Budget Office analysis --

CORNISH: Yes, it's blame the refs time.

WARREN: Yes, exactly. Exactly. I mean, there are -- nobody's perfect. You know, they are -- they are human analysts just like anybody else.

CORNISH: Yes.

[06:40:02]

WARREN: They're actually pretty good. They had a very, almost spot on analysis of what would happen with that 2017 tax bill.

CORNISH: Yes.

WARREN: So, for Republicans to be complaining and doing their kind of trickery on this, Elon Musk is, I think, giving some more heft to the --

CORNISH: Trickery (INAUDIBLE) that's accounting. OK, that's what we're talking about.

WARREN: Well, exactly. I mean, hey, you know, tells you what I think about accountants.

CORNISH: That is accounting. Maybe you don't understand the math.

Sabrina, last word to you.

SABRINA SINGH, FORMER DEPUTY PENTAGON PRESS SECRETARY: I mean, I would say that, you know, for maybe right now, Democrats and Elon Musk are aligned. This is -- you cannot tell me that the Republicans are the party of fiscal responsibility. I mean this bill is going to add over $2 trillion to the debt. It's very clear, from your previous segment, that out of the, you know, 1,000-page bill, clearly people didn't read it.

CORNISH: And talking about that publicly.

SINGH: And talking about that publicly, I just didn't read the two pages of the, you know, over 1,000-page bill. Sure.

And then, on top of that, you know what I think really the focus needs to be on is, there's going to be over 10 million vulnerable people kicked off their health care. These are your neighbors. These are your friends.

CORNISH: Oh, stay with me. We are actually going to be talking about that.

SINGH: OK.

CORNISH: Good for you, group chat. I'm going to bring in another voice on this, specifically those changes to Medicaid, Sabrina was just talking about, proposed in the bill and what they could mean for millions of Americans.

So, the legislation could expand work requirements, meaning nearly 11 million people would be uninsured by 2034. Thats according to the Congressional Budget Office, which Mike just mentioned. The House speaker thinks the nonpartisan office is making a mistake.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

REP. MIKE JOHNSON (R-LA): We're not buying the CBO's estimates. I don't think that's right. We're giving flexibility to the states. The -- the primary emphasis is on the work mandate (ph). That's the largest pool of people that they claim will be affected.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

CORNISH: Joining me to talk more about this is Dr. Dhruv Khullar, associate professor of health policy at Cornell Medical College.

Dr. Khullar, thank you for being here.

DR. DHRUV KHULLAR, PHYSICIAN: Thanks for having me.

CORNISH: So, let's just talk work requirements because this comes around every few years. Republicans say that they're popular with voters. What's the state of play on kind of public sentiment around this?

KHULLAR: Well, Audie, as you know, the nonpartisan CBO has estimated that about 11 million people would lose health insurance under the bill that was passed by the House. And that includes 8 million people who would lose Medicaid coverage specifically. And most of that is because of work requirements.

Now, work requirements sound like a good idea to a lot of people. They're supported by more than six in 10 Americans. But there's a few reasons that it's actually much more complicated than it sounds. And the primary is that the majority of people, by some estimates more than 90 percent of people who would be subject to these types of requirements, they're already working, or they're already looking for work, or they're in school, or they have a family member with a disability who they're caring for. And so, what these work requirements end up doing is that they create a lot of paperwork that cause people to lose coverage for mostly bureaucratic reasons, basically because of red tape.

And so, when states have tried to introduce these types of things in the past, they haven't been very successful in increasing employment, but they have caused a lot of people to lose health insurance coverage. So, Arkansas did something like this a few years ago, and thousands of people in Arkansas ended up losing health insurance coverage but employment did not increase at all.

And so, it's not clear exactly what shape the House -- or the Senate bill will ultimately take, but the cuts that are being proposed in the House bill would have significant impact on people's lives.

CORNISH: If you aren't on Medicaid, what kind of impact could this have on health care overall? Will it affect many of us? KHULLAR: Well, there's a few ways to -- to think about that. One is

that, you know, a lot of people are now getting health insurance through the ACAs insurance marketplaces. And the bill proposes new enrollment rules that would cause people to potentially lose coverage in the ACA marketplaces because it makes it harder for people to enroll in the marketplaces. It shortens the periods during which people can enroll and make it harder for people to stay enrolled in those marketplace plans because it ends things like automatic re- enrollment. And so, the CBO estimates that, you know, millions of people would lose health insurance coverage in the ACA exchanges as well.

And we haven't even talked about the fact that a lot of the premium subsidies, the subsidies that people have been getting to afford their premiums in those plans, those are set to expire. And there's no plan currently to continue those types of subsidies. And for that reason, CBO estimates that another 5 million people might lose health insurance coverage. So, all in all, something like 16 million people, an enormous number of people, could lose insurance coverage over the next decade because of the combination of policies being proposed right now.

CORNISH: That's Dr. Dhruv Khullar. Thank you so much for being with us.

KHULLAR: Thanks for having me.

CORNISH: Straight ahead on CNN THIS MORNING, bombshell testimony in the Sean Combs trial from a witness who claims the rap mogul dangled her from a 17-story balcony.

[06:45:05]

Plus, the FAA insists that the tech issues at Newark Liberty Airport will be fixed by the fall. Is that soon enough? More from the group chat after this.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

CORNISH: More testimony ahead in the Sean "Diddy" Combs trial. Bryana Bongolan, a friend of Combs' ex-girlfriend Cassie Ventura, told jurors the rapper once dangled her from a balcony 17 stories high. She testified, quote, "he basically came up from behind me. He lifted me up and hung me off the rail. He screamed, you know what the f you did?"

[06:50:00]

Bongolan also testified that she once saw Combs throw a knife at Cassie Ventura in a fit of rage. Bongolan will be back on the stand today.

And former federal prosecutor Alyse Adamson here -- is here to tell us how significant that is.

Thank you for being here. ALYSE ADAMSON, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR: No problem, Audie.

CORNISH: So, how impactful is this kind of testimony?

ADAMSON: I think it's extremely impactful if the jury ultimately believes it. I mean, this woman testified that Combs dangled her over a 17-story balcony.

CORNISH: I know, but it --

ADAMSON: That's mob-like behavior.

CORNISH: Plus, coming out of the Suge Knight '90s era of hip hop. Like it's -- the -- the -- the balcony dangle is not that unusual.

ADAMSON: It's not that unusual, but it's still nonetheless shocking.

CORNISH: It's not ideal?

ADAMSON: And -- not -- not ideal, exactly.

CORNISH: Fair. Fair.

ADAMSON: And it's like mob-like behavior. And that's what prosecutors need to point Combs and the enterprise as being akin to, right? It's a RICO charge. He needs to be behaving in a pattern of abuse, threats and violence. That's the theme.

And I think this is important because Bongolan was not in a relationship with Combs. Recall, the defense has been painting this as a toxic, intimate partner relationship. She is not that. She is a friend of Ventura's. Why is he -- why is he dangling anyone over a balcony? But why is he dangling this random person?

So, I think the prosecution scored points eliciting this testimony, but now we're going to see how she holds up on cross, right?

CORNISH: Holds up on cross. So, these cross-examinations by the defense have been very strong, I think, from the reporting. Can you talk to me about what you're hearing out of the reporting about the jury and people in the room, how some of this is actually landing?

ADAMSON: Yes, that's a very interesting question. So, I see some people online asking, oh, this is the $10 million defense. And my response is, yes, I actually think this is an incredibly effective defense. For instance, Mia's testimony, right? Conventional wisdom would say, when you go cross a victim, she had alleged sexual assault, you're going to want a female to approach that witness.

CORNISH: Meaning you want a woman lawyer to be the one asking a female victim, what happened to you?

ADAMSON: Correct. That's right. Because it's -- it's perceived as more gentle, more caring. You don't want to alienate the jury. You don't want to seem like a bully as a defense attorney because jurors would be turned off. They don't like you. It looks like you're beating up on someone.

That is not what the defense did. They had Brian Steele cross Mia. And he did a very effective, blistering cross. The prosecution said this could even be bordering on harassment. But from the reporting I read, Audie, from people who were in the courtroom and watching the jury, there were a few jurors that it appeared were really following along with that cross. One in particular was reported to have been smiling and nodding along to some of Steele's cross that was kind of insinuating that Mia was making up some of the story, or it was hyperbole, all for her own gain.

And if it -- it only takes -- we talked about this before.

CORNISH: Yes.

ADAMSON: It only takes one juror to hang. Meaning, a hung jury where he's not going to be convicted. So, the defense seems to be extremely strategic in how they are doing things. And I --

CORNISH: Meaning they're presenting things with an eye on certain jurors or --

ADAMSON: An eye on certain strategies. Sometimes the strategy isn't always, well, let's just get a straight acquittal, meaning, this person is going to walk. That's always what you want as a --

CORNISH: Yes.

ADAMSON: I'm a defense attorney now, right? But sometimes we need to be more surgical, more strategic and say, well, if we may not turn everybody, if we -- if we look like some of the jury is feeling our narrative, let's really start speaking to those people. And I think that's what we're seeing here. It is a very smart defense group of defense attorneys --

CORNISH: Yes.

ADAMSON: And I think that they are kind of aligning their approach with what they're seeing in the jury, which is what you want out of a defense team.

So, I think people need to give this defense team a little bit more credit than they have been.

CORNISH: Yes. And they have a big test coming up. There's going to be a Jane Doe with very serious allegations coming up over the next day or so and some people think that prosecution, that testimony could go pretty long.

So, Alyse Adamson, thank you so much.

ADAMSON: Thanks so much for having me, Audie.

CORNISH: And it's now eight minutes to the top of the hour.

If you can't get enough of the trial, please check out "Trial by Jury," the podcast we have on this case, hosted by our own Laura Coates.

Here's your morning roundup.

Newly revealed journal entries shed light into how Luigi Mangione felt in the months leading up to the death of the UnitedHealthcare CEO. Mangione is accused of killing him on the streets of New York. One entry about four months before reads, quote, "I finally feel confident about what I will do. The details are coming together. And I don't feel any doubt about whether it's right/justified." Mangione has pled not guilty.

The head of the FAA says he is confident the tech issues at Newark will be fixed by October. The airport has had a string of issues, including communication blackouts that left pilots and controllers in the dark. The FAA says they're working on a fix to that, along with the staffing shortage right now.

And former White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre says she's left the Democratic Party and switched her affiliation to independent.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

KARINE JEAN-PIERRE, FORMER WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: In an era of misinformation, disinformation, the regressiveness of social policy, what we're seeing currently right now, what I have decided to do, and I really have thought long and hard about this, is to follow my own compass.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

[06:55:14]

CORNISH: Jean-Pierre has a new book coming out in October that she says examines President Biden's decision to drop out of the 2024 election and how the Democratic Party betrayed him.

OK, taking it to the group chat.

Before I do, I have to ask you about this book. We've talked about the White House under her tenure before. What do you make of the reaction to it? It is very mixed and a lot of news stories coming out saying a Democratic source says, Democratic source says. A lot of backstabbing.

MATTINGLY: Yes, a lot of people served in the administration, particularly in communications roles, one of whom may be sitting right next to us -- I have talked to Sabrina about this actually, though -- have a lot of thoughts. I would urge them to put them -- put it on the record if you have the thoughts.

CORNISH: Yes, not just your group chats, though Sabrina we're coming to you.

MATTINGLY: It's very -- it's very easy -- it's very easy to -- to roll hand grenades on background. I think the reality is, I'm -- I'm -- I want to see the book before I decide what it is or isn't.

CORNISH: Right.

MATTINGLY: What I have consistently said when hundreds of text messages have come in about this over the course of the last 24 hours has been, you know, it's been interesting that she has not really been out there, around or mentioned anywhere, given the volume of news related to her -- the time that she was there inside the administration.

CORNISH: Defending the former president, yes.

MATTINGLY: And I think -- I think that's telling in terms of just how inside her role was in the White House, or wasn't, that you don't see her name. She's not in any meetings.

CORNISH: Yes. Well, we're about to find out in the book.

MATTINGLY: Yes, it's going to be interesting to see.

CORNISH: I mean how -- I -- he says his phone's blowing up. Are your group chats also blowing up with people?

SINGH: Oh, yes.

CORNISH: OK.

SINGH: Yes, group chats were -- were busy yesterday.

CORNISH: Is it skulls or fires?

SINGH: You know, it's -- it's -- I think it's a mix.

Look, I --

CORNISH: Skulls on fires.

SINGH: Yes, the skull is on fire.

You know, I think just -- just -- haven't seen the book, so don't -- don't know the contents of it.

I think as a party what I would -- I mean, as, you know, as a Democrat myself, what I would rather see is people rolling up their sleeves, like you got a -- you got a solution? Bring it to the table. You have an idea about a candidate that should run? Talk to the DCCC, talk to the DS, talk to the DNC, get involved in your local and state, you know, races in your -- in your states all around the country.

I -- you know, I think there's a lot of criticism of the party. It's well deserved. We're, you know, half a year in. We have the midterms coming up. Let's keep the focus on that.

CORNISH: They're still litigating this whole thing.

SINGH: Yes. We're litigating the past where Biden (INAUDIBLE).

CORNISH: And -- and now the -- the Department of Justice might be as well, because they're looking into the use of autopens, which they had been doing back during the George W. Bush administration. But the DOJ is keeping this fire lit so to speak.

WARREN: Yes. I mean, I think this is the -- the Trump administration loves to see all this sort of Democratic infighting.

Look, I -- in terms of the book, like I -- I would be interested to see if there's anything juicy, anything interesting, anything that we didn't know that we might -- should have known going -- going on.

CORNISH: Yes.

WARREN: I mean, obviously, Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson's book has told us quite a bit about that.

I'm a little concerned that this was the White House's spokesperson, the press secretary. And the tell all book from the press secretary concerns me that -- that -- that, you know, why should we trust what she's saying now, if she's telling us things that maybe she should have been better about disclosing when she was, you know, in charge.

CORNISH: All right, you guys, we are at a key point during the week. Tell us what we should be keeping an eye on, the road ahead.

MATTINGLY: I usually go economic policy. I'm going NBA finals.

CORNISH: Do it.

MATTINGLY: I'm going NBA finals.

CORNISH: Do it. It's a wild time.

MATTINGLY: I think a lot of people -- a lot of people clicked out when the Knicks got bounced.

CORNISH: Yes.

MATTINGLY: These are two amazing fan bases. The atmospheres are going to be electric. And the teams are extraordinarily fun to watch with some of the best young players in the game.

CORNISH: Yes, Pacers/Thunder.

MATTINGLY: Watch the finals tonight. Game one.

CORNISH: OK. We're doing it. You won't -- you won't be up early tomorrow. So, you can do that.

Mike Warren.

WARREN: I'm going back to politics because, yes, it's 2025, but I want to know what's happening in -- there's a bunch of primaries, Republican and Democratic primaries coming up. There is a fundraising deadline at the end of this month. It will be very interesting to see who starts leaking really good fundraising numbers and who tries to kind of hide them until like mid-July when everybody's at the beach to, you know, particularly going to be watching that Texas race for Senate, John Cornyn, you've got Ken Paxton challenging him in that primary. I want to see what the -- what the fundraising numbers are.

CORNISH: Yes. For all the speculation we do on panels like this where we're like, what does this mean? What does that mean? Who comes out to run usually gives you a sense of where any given party is headed.

WARREN: Where the money is.

CORNISH: Yes.

Sabrina.

SINGH: I'm going to go back to sports. I'm watching Coco Gauff. She's coming up I think at 10:30 today at the French Open. It's the semis. She's playing against, you know, an incredibly talented player that's come -- I think she was ranked in the hundreds and has risen and continued to defeat some of the women in front of her. But watching Coco Gauff, I think she's always just an incredible player on the court. And so that's what I'll be watching.

CORNISH: OK, tennis, basketball, paperwork, money.

WARREN: Politics. Come on.

CORNISH: Thanks.

[07:00:00]

MATTINGLY: FEC filings.

CORNISH: Yes, exactly.

Thanks to the group chat. I want to thank you for waking up with us. We know there's a lot of places you can spend your time, and I'm glad you're here.

I'm Audie Cornish, and "CNN NEWS CENTRAL" starts right now.



